# Precisions on "walking on a path to unconditional universal love"

Given that they are all carefully chosen, I wanted to add some precisions on the words in "walking on a path to unconditional universal love".

<u>Walking (...) to</u>: Walking towards something, to me, metaphorically means having some sort of direction that we go towards. We might be slow, we might be fast, we might be off track, we might be still, yet the intention remains.

<u>A (...)</u>: I purposely did not pick the word "the". I have my own path that makes sense in the context of my life. That path will be inevitably different from anybody else's, and will possibly never cross.

<u>Path</u>: I say "path" because I believe this is a quest that never ends. I don't think we ever reach "unconditional universal love".

<u>Unconditional</u>: Let me get into a little bit of situation to explain that one. Let's say you are being loving towards someone. When that happens, you roughly get feelings from [i] the way this person (re)acts and [ii] the "warmness" naturally created within you for being loving. I think that love starts losing its conditionality the moment  the [ii] feeling develops. The further it develops, the less you need the [i] feeling to go your way. I believe (because I think I am successfully doing that) that the [ii] feeling can be trained to make the [i] feeling like a cherry on top of the cake.

<u>Universal</u>: From my point of view, many loves are high on the spectrum of unconditionality (e.g. mother love). However, I find fewer examples of loves that are high on the spectrum of universality. I think this is because it is a less natural property of love to develop.

When I love someone, I feel connected to that person, and that feels amazing. I am no longer a single floating entity that gets unwillingly rocked back and forth by the world. I have that person's hands to hold. Together we become more unshakeable. 

By loving everyone and everything, I hold myself to everyone and everything. I understand how that might sound suboptimal, given the point of view that some are doing the rocking. However I do not think anyone is creating rocking out of thin air. They rock because they get rocked, often by something hardly visible.

By holding myself to everyone, I feel more connected, and that feels great. Now that I have developed myself quite a bit, I also derive pleasure from the feeling that my grip absorbs some of the undesired rocking felt by others.

<u>Love</u>: Love is love. I think everyone agrees that it is hard to set a definition to what love is. Love is expressed and received differently by everyone. All I know is that love feels both good and right at the same time (can't think of many things that do hehe).

---

I think it all begins with aligning one's self towards the general direction that is "unconditional universal love" at first. And I have found the rewards to come reeeaaally fast once that happens. I like to sometimes quantify my mental health out of 10; and I know that if we were to plot that score over time, I am very confident that we'd definitely see the event of me coming across this notion a few years back as a positive accelerator.